FEAT: build guide (#359)
subspace/subspace: docs/development.md

2. After running this command, Windows may ask you for permissions related to firewall, select `allow` in this case.
3. Run the farmer (do this in another terminal): `subspace-farmer-x86_64-*-snapshot farm`

## to Build From The Source for Public Testnet (primarily for developers)

> 1. Download the specific source code, example for now: `wget https://github.com/subspace/subspace/archive/refs/tags/snapshot-2022-mar-09.tar.gz`.

Reviewer: You can also clone the repository using `git` and checkout on the latest snapshot

Reviewer: Also it would be better not to mention specific snapshot here:
```suggestion
1. Download the latest released source code (from [release](https://github.com/subspace/subspace/releases) page) or just clone repo using `git` and checkout on the latest release
```

> 2. Unzip: `tar -zvxf snapshot-2022-mar-09.tar.gz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Extract the archive: `tar -zvxf snapshot-2022-mar-09.tar.gz`.
```

3. Install dependencies mentioned [here](/crates/subspace-node).

> 4. Build with Cargo: `cd ~/snapshot-2022-mar-09 && cargo build --release --bin subspace-node --bin subspace-farmer`.

Reviewer: I believe that you can:
```sh
wget -O chain-spec.json https://github.com/subspace/subspace/releases/download/snapshot-2022-mar-09/chain-spec-raw-snapshot-2022-mar-09.json
cargo build \
    --profile production \
    --bin subspace-node \
    --bin subspace-farmer \
    --features=subspace-node/json-chain-spec # add feature `subspace-farmer/cuda` if you have it installed
```

That should embed chain-spec into binary as `--chain testnet`

7. Run the farmer: `~/snapshot-2022-mar-09/target/release/subspace-farmer farm --reward-address xxxx`.
8. Demo script:
```
#!/bin/bash
// install dependencies as mentioned above first of all!
// then update CARGO path with yours.

CARGO="/root/.cargo/bin/cargo"
mkdir -p subspace/log && cd subspace
wget https://github.com/subspace/subspace/archive/refs/tags/snapshot-2022-mar-09.tar.gz
tar -zvxf snapshot-2022-mar-09.tar.gz
cd snapshot-2022-mar-09

// build for your native cpu
$CARGO clean
RUSTFLAGS="-C target-cpu=native" $CARGO build --release --bin subspace-node

// run the node
wget https://github.com/subspace/subspace/releases/download/snapshot-2022-mar-09/chain-spec-raw-snapshot-2022-mar-09.json
./target/release/subspace-node --chain chain-spec-raw-snapshot-2022-mar-09.json --validator -d db --port 8888 --bootnodes /dns/farm-rpc.subspace.network/tcp/30333/p2p/12D3KooWPjMZuSYj35ehced2MTJFf95upwpHKgKUrFRfHwohzJXr >> ~/subspace/log/node.log &

// check status
tail -f  ~/subspace/log/node.log

> ```

Reviewer: It would be better to remove it, in order to not repeat oneself.
